MON-3291: Adjust node-exporter's MaxProcs documentation now that we s… (#2055)
openshift/cluster-monitoring-operator: Documentation/api.md

| Property | Type | Description |
| -------- | ---- | ----------- |
| collectors | [NodeExporterCollectorConfig](#nodeexportercollectorconfig) | Defines which collectors are enabled and their additional configuration parameters. |

> | maxProcs | uint32 | The target number of CPUs on which the Node Exporter's process will run. Use this to override the  default value which is set to the minimum of `4` and the number of CPU on the host. The default value is computed at runtime and set via the `GOMAXPROCS` environment variable before launching Node Exporter. If a kernel deadlock occurs or if performance degrades when reading from `sysfs` concurrently, you can change this value to `1`, which limits Node Exporter to running on one CPU. For nodes with a high CPU count, setting the limit to a low number saves resources by preventing Go routines from being scheduled to run on all CPUs. However, I/O performance degrades if the `maxProcs` value is set too low, and there are many metrics to collect. |

Reviewer: > the minimum of `4` and the number of CPU on the host

The wording confused me a bit. Maybe `to 4 or the number of CPUs on the host, whichever is smaller.`

Author: Done.
(Know that I thought about using min(4, xxx) at the beginning haha)

Reviewer: haha, anyway let's wait for @bburt-rh inputs :)

Reviewer 2: @simonpasquier @machine424 - I added some suggested changes.

> | maxProcs | uint32 | The target number of CPUs on which the Node Exporter's process will run. Use this to override the default value which is set to 4 or the number of CPUs on the host, whichever is smaller. The default value is computed at runtime and set via the `GOMAXPROCS` environment variable before launching Node Exporter. If a kernel deadlock occurs or if performance degrades when reading from `sysfs` concurrently, you can change this value to `1`, which limits Node Exporter to running on one CPU. For nodes with a high CPU count, setting the limit to a low number saves resources by preventing Go routines from being scheduled to run on all CPUs. However, I/O performance degrades if the `maxProcs` value is set too low, and there are many metrics to collect. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| maxProcs | uint32 | The target number of CPUs on which the Node Exporter's process will run. Use this setting to override the default value, which is set either to `4` or to the number of CPUs on the host, whichever is smaller. The default value is computed at runtime and set via the `GOMAXPROCS` environment variable before Node Exporter is launched. If a kernel deadlock occurs or if performance degrades when reading from `sysfs` concurrently, you can change this value to `1`, which limits Node Exporter to running on one CPU. For nodes with a high CPU count, setting the limit to a low number saves resources by preventing Go routines from being scheduled to run on all CPUs. However, I/O performance degrades if the `maxProcs` value is set too low, and there are many metrics to collect. |
```

Author: done
